#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 1in
\topmargin 1in
\rightmargin 1in
\bottommargin 1in
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
ESE 650 Homework 4 - SLAM with a Particle Filter
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Tarik Tosun
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Introduction
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In this assignment, I implemented Simultaneous Localization and Mapping
 (SLAM) with a particle filter.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Data, particles, and map
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This project involved combining data from encoders, an IMU, a Hokuyo LIDAR,
 and a Kinect camera.
 I did not use the Kinect camera.
 A challenge in data processing was dealing with the fact that the sensor
 readings were not synchronized in time.
 I dealt with this by synchronizing all the sensor data to the Hokuyo times,
 by iterating over the Hokuyo samples and selecting the closest data point
 for each sensor to the Hokuyo sample.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I used 
\color red
<numparticles>
\color inherit
 particles in this assignment.
 I resampled particles when 
\color red
<resampling condition>
\color inherit
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
I represented the map as an int8 array.
 I used dimensions 
\color red
<dimensions>
\color inherit
 and resolution 
\color red
<resolution>
\color inherit
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Prior estimate
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Odometry
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Sensor data from the robot encoders and IMU were available for odometry
 estimation.
 Encoder odometry alone was not enough to get good results.
 When combined with the IMU for yaw estimation (through simple integration),
 odometry was fairly accurate.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Process Noise
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Process noise was applied as gaussian random noise after the odometry update.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Posterior estimate - LIDAR correlation
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section*
Analysis and Conclusion
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
